Add GRS feature (#4075)
IBM-Cloud/terraform-provider-ibm: website/docs/r/pi_volume_group.html.markdown

---

subcategory: "Power Systems"
layout: "ibm"
page_title: "IBM: pi_volume_group"
description: |-
  Manages IBM Volume Group in the Power Virtual Server cloud.
---

> # ibm_pi_volume

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# ibm_pi_volume_group
```

Author: done

  pi_volume_group_name = "test-volume-group"
  pi_volume_ids        = ["<Volume ID>"]
}
```

**Note**
* Please find [supported Regions](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/power-cloud#endpoint) for endpoints.
* If a Power cloud instance is provisioned at `lon04`, The provider level attributes should be as follows:
  * `region` - `lon`
  * `zone` - `lon04`

  Example usage:
  
  ```terraform
    provider "ibm" {
      region    =   "lon"
      zone      =   "lon04"
    }
  ```
  
## Timeouts

ibm_pi_volume_group provides the following [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/resources/syntax.html) configuration options:

- **create** - (Default 30 minutes) Used for creating volume group.
- **update** - (Default 30 minutes) Used for updating volume group.
- **delete** - (Default 10 minutes) Used for deleting volume group.

## Argument reference 
Review the argument references that you can specify for your resource. 

- `pi_cloud_instance_id` - (Required, String) The GUID of the service instance associated with an account.
- `pi_consistency_group_name` - (Optional, String) The name of consistency-group at storage controller level.

> - `pi_volume_group_name` - (Required, String) The name of the volume group.

Author: done

> - `pi_volume_ids` - (Required, Bool) List of volume IDs to add in volume group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `pi_volume_ids` - (Required, Set of String) List of volume IDs to add in volume group.
```

Author: done

## Attribute reference
In addition to all argument reference list, you can access the following attribute reference after your resource is created.

> - `id` - (String) The unique identifier of the volume group. The ID is composed of `<power_instance_id>/<volume_group_id>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `id` - (String) The unique identifier of the volume group. The ID is composed of `<pi_cloud_instance_id>/<volume_group_id>`.
```

Author: done

- `replication_status` - (String) The replication status of volume group.
- `volume_group_id` - (String) The unique identifier of the volume group.
- `volume_group_status` - (String) The status of the volume group.

## Import

> The `ibm_pi_volume_group` resource can be imported by using `power_instance_id` and `volume_group_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ibm_pi_volume_group` resource can be imported by using `pi_cloud_instance_id` and `volume_group_id`.
```

Author: done
